Move configs to TF-PSA-Crypto (#9908)
Mbed-TLS/mbedtls: configs/ext/README.md

Summary
-------

> The file:

Reviewer: Commenting here because I cannot do it on the commit message.
The message says that you are modifying also  `configs/README.txt` file in this commit, but actually you are only changing `configs/ext/README.txt`. I think it would be nice to update it to keep it aligned with the actual commit action.

Author: Ah, I am missing the `configs/README.txt` file from that commit. I will add it now since it expresses how configuration files should be used.

Summary
-------

The file:

* tfm_mbedcrypto_config_profile_medium.h

> are copyright The Mbed TLS Contributors, and are distributed under the license normally

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
is copyright The Mbed TLS Contributors, and is distributed under the license normally
```

Author: Resolved.

Background
----------

> The file tfm_mbedcrypto_config_profile_medium.h is taken verbatim from the
> TF-M source code here:
> 
> https://git.trustedfirmware.org/TF-M/trusted-firmware-m.git/tree/lib/ext/mbedcrypto/mbedcrypto_config

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The file tfm_mbedcrypto_config_profile_medium.h was derived from the file tfm_mbedcrypto_config_profile_medium.h taken from the TF-M source code here:                              
                                                                                
https://git.trustedfirmware.org/TF-M/trusted-firmware-m.git/tree/lib/ext/mbedcrypto/mbedcrypto_config

It was derived according to the Mbed TLS configuration file split that occurred as part of the Mbed TLS repository split, see  https://github.com/Mbed-TLS/mbedtls/blob/development/docs/proposed/config-split.md.

In TF-M, the original file is distributed under a 3-Clause BSD license, as noted at the top of the file.

In Mbed TLS, with permission from the TF-M project, tfm_mbedcrypto_config_profile_medium.h is distributed under a dual [Apache-2.0](https://spdx.org/licenses/Apache-2.0.html) OR [GPL-2.0-or-later](https://spdx.org/licenses/GPL-2.0-or-later.html) license, with copyright assigned to The Mbed TLS Contributors.
```

Author: Resolved.
